# -O3 CFLAGS
dev-db/* O3.conf
dev-db/* O3.conf
dev-lang/* O3.conf
dev-python/* O3.conf
media-gfx/* O3.conf
media-libs/* O3.conf
media-video/* O3.conf
sys-devel/* O3.conf
sys-libs/* O3.conf

# native cflags
app-emulation/spice nativecflags.conf
games-emulation/fceux nativecflags.conf
sys-cluster/openmpi nativecflags.conf
dev-python/numpy nativecflags.conf
sys-devel/llvm nativecflags.conf
app-emulation/libvirt nativecflags.conf
dev-util/cmake nativecflags.conf
app-emulation/qemu nativecflags.conf
net-fs/samba nativecflags.conf
media-gfx/exiv2 nativecflags.conf
media-libs/taglib nativecflags.conf
media-video/ffmpeg nativecflags.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk nativecflags.conf
dev-qt/qtwebengine nativecflags.conf
sys-libs/talloc nativecflags.conf
sys-libs/tdb nativecflags.conf
sys-libs/tevent nativecflags.conf
dev-libs/boost nativecflags.conf
sys-libs/ldb nativecflags.conf
dev-python/pcryptodome nativecflags.conf
dev-db/mysql-connector-c nativecflags.conf
dev-qt/qtcore nativecflags.conf
net-libs/rabbitmq-c nativecflags.conf
dev-lang/rust nativecflags.conf
media-gfx/graphviz nativecflags.conf
www-client/firefox nativecflags.conf
mail-client/thunderbird nativecflags.conf
sys-boot/syslinux nativecflags.conf
sys-fs/e2fsprogs nativecflags.conf
dev-python/pyzmq nativecflags.conf
dev-util/electron nativecflags.conf

# wno-error
app-emulation/open-vm-tools wnoerror.conf
app-emulation/open-vm-tools-kmod wnoerror.conf

# No parallel
net-print/cups-filters makeoptsj1.conf
mail-filter/razor makeoptsj1.conf
